---
date: 042421
---
had a lot of fun working on this site (took most of yesterday and early hrs today and still not done). i figured that if im going to be applying for web-swe-related positions i should have my own fucking website instead of a notion doc lmao.

problem i have with making my own site(s) is i just always end up redesigning and reiterating and never settle on a design so notion was a way for me to just give up. hopefully thats not the case for this site, as you can tell from the design i really am not trying to impress anybody with crazy css skills or whatever. 

also taking a different approach to the traditional 'blog' or w.e. previous attempts at proper technical posts on previous iterations of my personal sites were just boring to write. not even titling these posts because i really just want them to serve as kind of a personal archive of notes and stuff. if you're reading this then that's cool, hi.

couple things regarding this site and how it works before i forget:

**frontmatter & 'static' content**  
static site generators are really popular rn for personal sites and stuff. namely like gatsby (for people invested in react ecosystem) and gridsome (for those in vue) (jekyll too for old people lol). there are tons of others too but the thing they all have in common usually is that they all let you write markdown which gets converted into framework specific mumbo jumbo shit that you can render in your code and stuff. end result is that you can write blog posts in markdown and then with some code + framework stuff it becomes html.

anyways, i really did not want to have to write fucking `html!{}` macros everytime i wanted to write a journal entry so i ended up writing some code that would do the same thing. mostly because i could not find an equivalent for rust/wasm ecosystem and i figured itd be fun lol.

first problem i had was how to make the browser aware of all the markdown files (journal entries) so that i could display them. it wasn't as simple as just 'hey browser, list all the markdown files in this path here'. http has no concept of 'directory' in the traditional sense, there's like directory pages that im sure you've seen on like apache, but they're designed to be human readable, are kind of ass, and are different in that they can query the directory on the filesystem on every request whereas this site is being served statically. 

the markdown files *do* exist on my machine before they're copied into `dist` to be served, so that's good. i wrote a build script that would iterate over all the markdown files on the build machine, parse the frontmatter, and write a list containing (what would be) their relative url paths to a json file. this json file then gets copied over to the dist folder alongside the markdown files so that it is available to be fetched by clients.

the code is kinda shit but you can see it [here](https://github.com/bizarre/bizarre/blob/master/build.rs).   
the json file looks like this

*.journal.json*
```json
[
   {
      "_path":"/content/2021-04-24.md",
      "date":"2021-04-24"
   },
   {
      "_path":"/content/2021-04-23.md",
      "date":"2021-04-23"
   }
]
```

it literally just provides what is equiv of a directory definition so the browser knows what urls to hit.  

now that the browser is aware of which journal entries exist and where to find them, its as simple as sending a fetch request and then some parsing to get what you see now. 

i say simple but, fuck, figuring out how yew worked and its metaspecific quirks was a son of a bitch. ive spent a lot of time fooling around a ton of diff web (js) frameworks and they all follow a very similar pattern. ive associated (modern) web programming with this pattern and while yew tries to keep it aligned, the fact that it's all in rust changes the dynamic so much. that being said, eventually i got the hang of it and wow, ppl who worked on yew are doing a fantastic job. its so good. there's some legacy stuff and apis that they're working on phasing out right now that are full of boilerplate and kind of annoying to use, but a lot of it is so fucking intuitive it makes writing components and stuff so simple. there's a ton of influence from react (which makes sense), i am really excited to see where this project is a year or two from now. 

**styling is shit**  
styling kinda sucks. i should probably make my own generic types and use those to simplify a lot of the jargon but in the mean time this is what it looks like:

```rust
html!{
  <>
    <h1 class=classes!("lowercase", "mt-4", "font-medium", "text-lg")>{ "Journal" }</h1>
    <ul class=classes!("mt-2", "grid", "grid-cols-2", "md:grid-cols-4", "gap-4")>
      { entries.iter().map(|entry| html!{ <Stub entry=entry /> }).collect::<Html>() }
    </ul>
  </>
}
```

using tailwindcss, as you can see, via twind shim. ig it would be 'cleaner' if i moved it over to a dedicated css file where i applied tailwind styles (or just wrote the styles out myself lol). thankfully the design is pretty simple so its no big deal.

am happy with this site, despite the really long load times ([which i am working on](https://github.com/bizarre/bizarre/issues/2)) and even longer build times. 

but yeah, good night lol