---
date: 050221
---
tackled cache busting today. 

github pages will direct the browser to cache any assets served for 10 minutes. i believe cloudflare, by default, will tell the browser to cache for an hour. cloudflare settings can be tweaked to cache for a shorter duration but i wasn't sure how easy it would be to get it to cache certain assets for longer like images, etc. either way, figuring out how to "bust" dat mf cache was worth it.

cache busting, if you did not know, is basically just getting around cache restrictions so that browser always pulls the latest version of an asset. this site works by fetching statically hosted def files (like [/.journal](/.journal) and [/.shots](/.shots)) and rendering components based on their contents. the problem we have here is that if the browser decides to cache those assets, then users won't see any site updates until their browser invalidates the cache. so, for example, if i made a new journal entry, it wouldn't show up on the front page until the cache got wiped (either after a hard refresh or after a period of time). 

i didnt like that.

as soon as CI deploys an update i want it to be available to view. 

i made some changes that ensure that the browser will always fetch updated def files whilst also being able to read unmodified def files from the cache. i *did* have to compromise somewhere though.

the way this new system works, is when your browser loads this site, my code will fetch a `build_info` def file bypassing the cache with a unique get parameter, e.g. `https://bizar.re/.build_info?21313213133242412`. this file contains the latest git commit hash which we append as a get parameter to every subsequent request to a def file. if the latest git commit hash changes, between a user's sessions, then the browser will hit a different url than it did the first time (bc of the diff get parameter), hense bypassing the cache. in the event that no changes were made, the git commit hash stays the same, then the browser will be able to pull from its cache.

it's not a crazy high iq solution, and for sure has its problems (increases proj complexity, requires forcefully bypassing cache on every init load, etc). opened up [a ticket](https://github.com/bizarre/bizarre/issues/6) for adding proper ssg so i can ditch all of this stuff in the future. but it will probs be a hugh proj overhaul and right now i just want to watch some more arrested development.

another plus side to this new `build_info` file is we get this cool shit in the footer now which shows the latest commit author, time, message, etc. i think it adds a nice touch to the site. 

also added some photos to the home page if you haven't seen it already. i planned for this site to just be a very basic barebones type deal (which it still is), but it's cool to see it grow naturally. it doesn't feel forced and it's all contributing to a general *feel* and direction for this site in terms of UI/UX (still got a lot to go). i'm having fun, for sure. 

i'm finally getting some fucking github green squares now too 😈😈😈 (we use bitbucket at work 😢).
