---
date: 071921
---
been dealing w/ a ton of personal shit that has really been taking its toll on me. has gotten in the way of a lot of stuff but i think am almost through it.

i've interviewed at quite a few places over the last couple weeks. by far the coolest place would be this startup that i had final round w/ last week. the prospect of being able to build something that *actually* helps people is peak. like helping people become a more creative version of themselves, and that seemed to really be reflected in the culture. idk, i think i just fuck with the vision heavy here. thought the last round went a lil iffy because im awkward as fuck but i got to meet some wickedly creative people and they all seem fuckin awesome. 

it's interesting to see all the different interview strategies that companies employ. tbh i haven't really 'job-searched' like this before. most of my contract gigs were off of word of mouth/referrals, and it's definitely been an interesting experience because of my non-tradid background.

i'm not very confident in my interview(ee) skills, but i'm trying to have fun and learn during the process.

anyways, am heading back to port hardy in a couple hours to get the brz back. hopefully everything goes as planned and there aren't any surprises at the impound. so far that car problem has set me back around $1.5k so we'll see what it comes down to by the end of all of this. that drive home is going to be so painful and long but i've got 5 hr energy and some new playlists to keep me sane. car work rescheduled to end of this week, new headers and tint. fuck i'm actually so hyped to drive her again lol. 1 week is so long i probs forgot how to drive stick lmao. 

update #1: honestly ive been going through my site and recent journal entries and i kinda sound fuckin crazy with some of the shit ive said. i still don't know exactly what i want this site to be or represent, i **know** i don't want it to be sell-outy and fake but am now also worried about it being *too* intimate or candid. i think'll i'll leave it be and just keep it in mind. i want this shit to be truthful and like serve as an authentic collection of my raw(ish) thoughts that i can look back to a couple years from now and be like 'damn ok'. if that means scaring off some people then i think it's worth it. have also been reading a lot about accessibility on the web and i've got to set some time aside to improve the accessibility of this site for sure.

update #2: drove brz home. felt so good. even tho my foot wanted to die after 6 hrs of driving nonstop lol. was exhausted too but had a ton of caffiene to help me through it. so glad that the whole car situation is resolved now. impound fees were ~$400, less than i expected. they only took cash so had to cab to an ATM cuz there wasn't one at the airport. car was fuckin filthy, waited like an hour at a gas station to get a car wash. anyways, going to try and stay up for a couple hours so my sleep schedule isn't completely ruined. am having the problem where i give first gear too much gas from standstill so i am constantly launching at like 3k rpm lmao. think my foot just has to get used to the throttle sensitivity again (it's so sensitive). also getting used to fifth & sixth gear. 