---
date: 072521
---
so yesterday i [forked](https://github.com/bizarre/markdown.rs) the markdown parser used in this site to add support for video embeds. what this means is that we are now technically running our own custom flavour of the markdown language. im sure i'll end up adding more lil thingies in the future too. 

maybe need a name for it though... 

a proper name will take some time to think of -- we will revisit this..

anyways, the pattern for the new video tag thing is:
```regex
^#\[(?P<text>.*?)\]\((?P<url>.*?)\)
```

so embedding a video looks like this:
```
#[car startup noises](../../assets/videos/072421.mp4)
```

same syntax or w.e as embedding an image it's just a `#` instead of a `!`. end result in html is a `<video>` element with the `src` attribute set to whatever was provided in the parenthesis. im thinking it might be confusing bc headings also use the `#` symbol but i mean fuck it lol. 

pretty minute change to add this functionality to markdown.rs. just because it is essentially the exact same thing as the image span so it was pretty much copying that and changing the html output. for that reason i won't go over any of the changes in depth or anything cuz it was pr boring, but if you're interested in seeing it anyways, [here's the commit](https://github.com/bizarre/markdown.rs/commit/46fcd96c1579117b703aaf79634853c2696a9bc8).

exciting updates re other things that i want to talk about but it's still a little too early. i am really really hyped for the next couple of weeks. have def been down last little bit, so it's awesome to finally get some good news. still got some shit to work through. i think me working on the site some more is def a good sign and i remain optimistic. sometimes it really is fucking hard tho, like even just simple shit, it can be so fucking difficult to summon up the energy req to do em. and then i feel like shit for being lazy. it sucks.