---
date: 102521
---

feeling real depressed lately. not really sure why. haven't written a journal entry in awhile, figured i'd rant. lot of life changes in the last few months. new job, new apartment, new city, new car, and more. mostly good changes. but i feel like i still haven't taken it all in. started seeing a life coach/therapist/counselor/whatever-the-fuck and it's been.. idk? i think i was expecting too much, like after one session i'd immediately just be alr again. how stupid of me lollll. 

maybe one day i'll look back on this post and be like 'it got better dude'. 

_anywaaays_, enough of the depressing shit!! 

i traded in the brz last week for a MT '16 M3 (F80, Black Sapphire Metallic). car is fucking sick. the power difference vs the brz is insane. the brz felt like moving in quicksand on the highway, was slow as fuck (which is why it's funny when cops assumed it was fast). the cool thing about the brz was because it _doesn't_ have crazy power, you get to use _more_ of the car more often. getting some cosmetic stuff done to the M3 rn so it's in the shop (hoping it'll be done tomorrow). tinting front windows, tail lights+reflectors, and headlights. calipers getting painted and chrome delete on rims/fender badges. ordered a sick front-mounted cold air intake (chargepipes too) in the same paint color as the calipers, very matchy matchy. will do the intake install myself since you don't even need to jack up the car, and will probably get a shop to do new midpipe (to fix the garbage sound). next on the list is def fixing the stance, thinking lowering springs, wheel stud conversion (i wanna drift this bitch), 15mm spacers in the front, 20mm in the back. she'll look mean as fuck, completely murdered out.

hyped to build this M3, platform is way more expensive than the FA20 but it's like an entirely different world. it's crazy to think i didn't even have a driving license this time last year.

more car shit (like pics) and other shit later. i have work in like 6 hours and just downed two redbulls for whatever fucking reason. why am i like this.