---
date: 2021-04-26
---

uneventful day.  
think i am addicted to [grailed](https://www.grailed.com).

i am taking physics, chemistry and math next semester (summer). theyre all prereq classes (hs equiv) because i didnt take em in hs or i did really shit. i am also just kind of rethinking college on a daily basis now. if the primary goal of college is to learn some shit that'll help you land a job in a certain field then i don't think i am gaining anything from it rn. 

i told myself prior to enrolling (bc i enrolled 'late', not directly after hs) that college would help strengthen my foundation in cs. but after two semesters i have barely learned anything. in all honesty i feel like as a result of studying cs i am actually less interested in cs & programming. i used to have a ton of free time to focus on side projects and expand my knowledge in stuff within tech that actually interest me. instead, when in school, i now spend hours of each day 'learning' 10 year old tech and ancient paradigms (of which i already know), which i then have to present in aids boilerplate garbage formats. even had a prof take marks off of an assignment because i opted to use `java.util.Random` in place of `Math.random` for generating a random number within a range even after i pulled up the java src code and showed em that `Math.random` actually invokes `java.util.Random` and is on average slower.

it's really fucking frustrating. 

i'm hoping it gets better once classes are in person. regardless, i am still looking forward to this semester. i did myself a disservice by not taking higher level math and science courses in high school and im glad i have the chance to rectify that while also working towards finishing up a college program. i think what i'm going to do is finish up this program (as i'm pretty much halfway through) and reevaluate what education means to me before deciding to continue or not. 

i feel like, at least in tech, that the world is starting to care less and less about whether you have a degree or not. i do not want and refuse to work at a place where i am not growing and learning new things and solving cool problems. i dont think it's too crazy to apply that same rule of thinking to education.
